# CS330
Reflection of Project

  In designing software, I begin by looking at the entirety of the project overview, then breaking it down step by step, like building blocks. First, I gather materials, information. I like to read over requirements I need to meet, understand the objectives of the project, watched helpful videos, and research key topics and coding practices I may need to use. For each week of the course, this is where I started, then I would apply these practices. It is fairly easy to apply knowledge to a project that you just did reserach about. Once I began laying the bricks, implementing code, you can see the structure start to come together. When building a house, you use the same colored brick, in order for it to look nice. In the same way when debeloping, using the same syntax, commenting practices, and structure help the code be organized, beneficail to the efficiency of the coding practice. Apply the same iterations during the code is also beneficial, such that the code and be used and replicated again in another building, project. Each week of the course we learned a new type of application, sizing/placement, textures, and lighting for example. Once again, like building a house, we not only only need the foundation and structure, but also the shutters and roofing. I used the same strategy, obtain the information and apply the work. I learned that at any point an issue can arise and at that point, it is always okay to ask your teamates or instructor for help. This strategy can be applied in any circumstance later on in future work, get as much usful knowledge as you can obtain and implement it, then when you can't go any further on your own, ask what to do, or try, next. At the end, when the time of the project comes to an end, I had a finished and completed project. I remember that there can always be improvment to the project, just like yardwork. 

Computer Science can help me in reaching my career goals. I did not know what type of computer sceince field I wanted to get myself in before taking some of the courses here at SNHU, whether it be Data Science, Cybersecurity, Project Managering, and now even Computer Graphics and Visualization. I have learned so much information, and by taking this class, I have been exposed to another career field that had truly captured my attention. I did not realize the capabilities of computational graphics, and now I am hoping to learn more and gain more expierience, such that I can add it to my own experiences and even resume. I am an avid photographer and videographer, and would love to now join the two, in making my own creations. This can grow my not only my hobbies, but mayne even turn into a career that I am passionate about and enjoy working towards. 
